In this exercise, you are asked to look at data from
a website that launched a classic A/B test of its Landing Page.
For about half its users,
the original Landing Page or old_page was shown.
For about half of the users,
a new_page or new design was shown,
but still have the same call to action,
to subscribe to a newsletter. Here's the data.
The first question was to calculate the number of users in the control and test group.
To calculate the number of users in the test group,
you need to count the distinct number of user IDs
associated with the group seeing the new design of the Landing Page.
In the new page, we see 146,317 unique user IDs,
that's how many there are in the experiment group.
In the control group, we see 146,265 IDs.
If you got 147,239 users,
remember that you need to count the number of unique users,
not the number of times any person visited the test or control page.
After calculating the number of users in each group,
question 2 asked you to calculate the number of conversions on the testing control page.
By counting the number of converted equals one when
Landing Page equaled new_page or Landing Page equals old_page,
we know the number of conversions,
that is the number of times users subscribe to
the newsletter in the test and control groups.
For the test group,
there were 17,498 conversions.
For the control group, there were 17,739.
Question 3 asked whether the results of
this experiment were significant at a 95 percent confidence level.
I entered the number of visitors and the number of
conversions for both the control A and test B state.
For results to be significant at the 95 percent confidence level,
the p-value would need to be lower than 0.025.
However, the p-value here is 0.92.
This means the results of this experiment are not significant.
We can't say that any difference seen in the results is due to more than chance.
Based on this, question 4 which asks if
the Landing Page should be rolled out to all users can be answered in the negative.
The Landing Page should not necessarily be rolled out to
all users as the results of the test are not significant.
This means the new test Landing Page cannot be said with
confidence to lead more users to sign up for the newsletter.
The website should continue to test different Landing Pages to see if they can
generate a significant test result that shows higher conversion in the test condition.